[Applause]
[Music]
i was there when it happened
i was there when you fell the first time
that i saw
you cried the magic died as well
i remember you told me kid go
give him hell
[Music]
so what am i waiting for tonight is a
night
tonight is the night
i'm out of wastedness
tonight is the night tonight is
moments after it happened i thought okay
this is fine
then my heart took a holiday and i was
left
behind so i stayed in the shadow
of who i used to be now i look like the
person that's been walking over me
just one of a million people
i didn't see it before so what am i
waiting for
tonight is a night tonight is a night
amount of
[Music]
i admit to myself
[Applause]
[Music]
scared of asking for help
for my own mental health had to say to
myself
tonight is tonight the night is tonight
might have wasted the tears but i won't
waste the
years tonight is the night
tonight
for is
[Music]
[Applause]
wow
[Music]
you